2013-03-03 14:19:21	KaiSforza	============ okay, meeting starting now =============
2013-03-03 14:20:17	gtmanfred	ok
2013-03-03 14:20:27	gtmanfred	soooo, what exactly do we want to do in classrooms... 
2013-03-03 14:20:46	gtmanfred	are we actually going to sit down and explain everything, or say, here is the wiki page on this stuff, here are some examples, any questions?
2013-03-03 14:20:50	KaiSforza	teach people things about arch...
2013-03-03 14:20:59	numeral	stick to one subject and teach it thoroughly!
2013-03-03 14:21:09	KaiSforza	well, i think that the latter can happen without this channel
2013-03-03 14:21:27	KaiSforza	so it shouls probably be the former.
2013-03-03 14:21:45	gtmanfred	so how do you want to explain something?
2013-03-03 14:21:48	KaiSforza	I know arch isn't a huge 'hold your hand' distro, but sometimes it's needed.
2013-03-03 14:22:20	gtmanfred	and if we are doing it that way, what exactly is the point of the classroom wiki pages existing with infor mation before the class?
2013-03-03 14:22:50	KaiSforza	hmm. I was thinking we could put together pdfs with info on them, distribute them to people that come, and then essentially teach it like a normal college like class.
2013-03-03 14:23:12	fsckd	there's a suggestion in a-w redmine issue tracker, half  amoment
2013-03-03 14:23:33	KaiSforza	to put the teaching stuff into latex documents, i remember.
2013-03-03 14:23:48	KaiSforza	or, pdfs.
2013-03-03 14:23:51	KaiSforza	http://redmine.archwomen.org/issues/2
2013-03-03 14:23:52	phrik	Title: Suggestion #2: PDF files - Beginners Guide to Package Maintaining - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:24:06	fsckd	yeah that
2013-03-03 14:24:12	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: then the point of the #a-c would be to give a challenge, based on the documentation, then explain it, and walk through it, and answer questions afterwards?
2013-03-03 14:24:24	-->	MrElendig (~oh@archlinux/op/pdpc.supporter.active.mrelendig) has joined #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 14:25:01	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: it would be to have a kind of lecture-like classroom on a topic, then to walk people through it, and anser questions.
2013-03-03 14:25:29	gtmanfred	i think that is basically what i just said no?
2013-03-03 14:26:14	KaiSforza	i guess.
2013-03-03 14:26:33	KaiSforza	I'm just thinking of how my college classes work now
2013-03-03 14:26:56	gtmanfred	i agree, the only problem is, your classes do not exist only in the text medium
2013-03-03 14:27:53	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: true. hence we would link to a pdf or something in the topic (or a web page) that people could follow along with
2013-03-03 14:28:12	gtmanfred	right, but then how do you lecture?
2013-03-03 14:28:29	gtmanfred	would there be a point to typing it all out again when it is just on the wiki/pdf?
2013-03-03 14:28:34	fsckd	are you guys aware of the classroom stuff run by Ubuntu?
2013-03-03 14:28:46	gtmanfred	fsckd: i looked through it breifly a while ago
2013-03-03 14:29:04	KaiSforza	fsckd: i am not
2013-03-03 14:29:14	fsckd	it was brought up in past meetings
2013-03-03 14:29:17	gtmanfred	https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Classroom/Submissions
2013-03-03 14:29:18	phrik	Title: Classroom/Submissions - Ubuntu Wiki (at wiki.ubuntu.com)
2013-03-03 14:29:33	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: but if they're good slides, then they're not going to have all the information, just outlines, diagrams, and images.
2013-03-03 14:30:05	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: ok, but then they aren't usefull information to be saved for later
2013-03-03 14:30:30	fsckd	gtmanfred: yes, that :)
2013-03-03 14:30:44	fsckd	that site also has logs
2013-03-03 14:30:54	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: true. tbh, i was thinking of using something like sphinx to generate a simple pdf, but that could actually be put into a simple website used for teaching purposes
2013-03-03 14:31:09	gtmanfred	ok, let me explain what I was envisioning
2013-03-03 14:32:19	gtmanfred	we have a wiki page or a pdf per class session, basically does all the notes for what you should know and everything, then there is a small portion of time doing an overview of the notes, (kind of like a lecture, elaborating wher eyou want to) so it isn't a straight outline, but it isn't all the information
2013-03-03 14:32:46	gtmanfred	for about 20 minutes, then about 10 minutes where an 2 or 3 examples are introduced and explained
2013-03-03 14:33:07	gtmanfred	then there is a do it yourself challange question, ending with critiquing solutions/answers and answering questions
2013-03-03 14:33:26	KaiSforza	that actually sounds awesome.
2013-03-03 14:33:41	gtmanfred	ok, good so that is what we want?
2013-03-03 14:33:45	akamus	gtmanfred: yes nice idea
2013-03-03 14:33:53	KaiSforza	i would be game for that.
2013-03-03 14:33:58	gtmanfred	excellent
2013-03-03 14:34:55	gtmanfred	now, we need a template for what is required to introduce a new class subject ( each subject could be multiple sessions, liek PKGBUILDs would have multiple sessions, standard PKGBUILDs, vcs pkgbuilds, split pkgbuilds, and then troubleshooting buildnig with pkgbuilds etc) 
2013-03-03 14:35:10	gtmanfred	but have an overview page on the wiki or on arch-women.org
2013-03-03 14:35:37	gtmanfred	so a template for the actual class, then a template for a subject under a class
2013-03-03 14:35:56	KaiSforza	makes sense
2013-03-03 14:36:02	gtmanfred	the subject page would be what is provided in the pdf / the actual information that will be gone over in that session
2013-03-03 14:36:20	gtmanfred	including when it is, who is doing it, the basic information
2013-03-03 14:37:11	gtmanfred	so we need 2 templates, anyone want to volunteer for that, or KaiSforza do you want to hammer them out on tuesday when we meed about PKGBUILDs and we can discover what we need as we go?
2013-03-03 14:37:42	KaiSforza	i'd say that we set up a few classes and learn from experience
2013-03-03 14:38:03	gtmanfred	ok sounds good to me
2013-03-03 14:39:00	gtmanfred	what else did i have...
2013-03-03 14:39:07	gtmanfred	ahh a calendar
2013-03-03 14:39:17	gtmanfred	fsckd: is there still a calendar on arch-women? or is that still down?
2013-03-03 14:39:26	fsckd	that's down
2013-03-03 14:39:30	fsckd	afaik
2013-03-03 14:39:32	gtmanfred	yeah
2013-03-03 14:39:37	akamus	what is schedule? or it is standard? sorry I' m new
2013-03-03 14:39:38	fsckd	meskarune would know more
2013-03-03 14:39:40	KaiSforza	http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/packaging101/issues/gantt
2013-03-03 14:39:41	phrik	Title: Gantt - Beginners Guide to Package Maintaining - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:40:00	gtmanfred	eww gantt charts
2013-03-03 14:40:23	KaiSforza	the calendar seems to be loading fine, too.
2013-03-03 14:40:46	gtmanfred	where is it?
2013-03-03 14:40:57	gtmanfred	oh how have i never seen this page
2013-03-03 14:41:00	KaiSforza	lol
2013-03-03 14:41:04	gtmanfred	nice
2013-03-03 14:41:18	gtmanfred	anyway, scratch that concern 
2013-03-03 14:41:43	gtmanfred	wait, that is just for tracking issues
2013-03-03 14:41:50	gtmanfred	not for scheduleing stuff
2013-03-03 14:42:08	fsckd	yeah, its a chart for issues
2013-03-03 14:42:53	gtmanfred	hold on one second, i need to ask thestinger something
2013-03-03 14:43:02	gtmanfred	boo he isn't on
2013-03-03 14:43:18	KaiSforza	it could easily be used for scheduling stuff, just use the tracker to set up meetings like that
2013-03-03 14:43:21	gtmanfred	fsckd: what is used for the calendars there?
2013-03-03 14:43:38	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: only if we can make another section on that that isn't titled issues
2013-03-03 14:44:02	fsckd	i think gantt shows how much time was spent on issues
2013-03-03 14:44:32	KaiSforza	shouldn't be too bad. just change the name, edit the access permissions for that part, and then use that for scheduling/suggestion.
2013-03-03 14:44:37	gtmanfred	fsckd: what is that calendar made by?
2013-03-03 14:44:40	fsckd	there's no calendaring on a-w redmine atm
2013-03-03 14:44:48	gtmanfred	fsckd: http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/packaging101/issues/calendar
2013-03-03 14:44:49	fsckd	one sec
2013-03-03 14:44:50	phrik	Title: Calendar - Beginners Guide to Package Maintaining - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:45:08	gtmanfred	ahh got it, the calendar is specific to just that
2013-03-03 14:45:58	gtmanfred	i guess that would work fine...
2013-03-03 14:46:14	fsckd	i didn't know there's a calendar lol
2013-03-03 14:46:14	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: that calendar is specific just to the classroom portion of redmine?
2013-03-03 14:46:23	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: it looks to be.
2013-03-03 14:46:27	fsckd	it should be
2013-03-03 14:46:32	KaiSforza	which is what we want, if i'm not mistaken.
2013-03-03 14:46:47	gtmanfred	how do you add stuff to the calendar?
2013-03-03 14:46:58	fsckd	http://www.redmine.org/projects/redmine/wiki/RedmineCalendar
2013-03-03 14:46:59	phrik	Title: RedmineCalendar - Redmine (at www.redmine.org)
2013-03-03 14:48:04	KaiSforza	like i said, i think it would require a classroom specific subset of 'Issues' for the calendar thing to work the way we want.
2013-03-03 14:48:10	gtmanfred	fsckd: any way that would be possible to also put on the wiki in some format? 
2013-03-03 14:48:19	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: there is
2013-03-03 14:48:24	gtmanfred	http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/classroom/issues/calendar 
2013-03-03 14:48:26	phrik	Title: Calendar - Arch Classroom - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:48:40	gtmanfred	tht one is all the stuff that is underclassroom, so you make a new issue, and they all appear on that one
2013-03-03 14:48:49	gtmanfred	but each subissue has its own calendar
2013-03-03 14:49:25	fsckd	all issues for a project should appear in tha calendar of that project
2013-03-03 14:49:32	fsckd	let me see for servers and feb
2013-03-03 14:49:50	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: no, i mean a subset of issues, specifically for people requesting/planning classrooms.
2013-03-03 14:50:09	fsckd	http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/vps/issues/calendar?utf8=%E2%9C%93&set_filter=1&f%5B%5D=status_id&op%5Bstatus_id%5D=o&f%5B%5D=&month=2&year=2013
2013-03-03 14:50:10	phrik	Title: Calendar - Server Administration - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:52:12	fsckd	nothing every gets closed in server proj?
2013-03-03 14:52:42	gtmanfred	hrm?
2013-03-03 14:52:46	fsckd	i think it could work for scheduling
2013-03-03 14:52:52	fsckd	classrooms
2013-03-03 14:53:21	fsckd	err
2013-03-03 14:53:22	fsckd	wait
2013-03-03 14:53:37	fsckd	you would have to open the issue that day
2013-03-03 14:53:42	gtmanfred	ok, hold on, where on http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/classroom this page do i get to the beginners packaging section?
2013-03-03 14:53:44	phrik	Title: Overview - Arch Classroom - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 14:54:15	numeral	hrm, I'm not sure how viable it is to have classrooms at predefined times, the question really is how do you get a lot of people in one place at the same time (considering we're talking about people from all over the world)
2013-03-03 14:54:39	gtmanfred	numeral: we have predefined times, then there will be logs
2013-03-03 14:54:46	gtmanfred	and questions can always be answered
2013-03-03 14:55:17	fsckd	gtmanfred: there's a link
2013-03-03 14:55:22	gtmanfred	numeral: also, it should be presented around the time that the speaker is available and want to do it
2013-03-03 14:55:26	gtmanfred	fsckd: i don't see it
2013-03-03 14:55:29	fsckd	Subprojects: Beginners Guide to Package Maintaining
2013-03-03 14:55:37	gtmanfred	ahh got it
2013-03-03 14:55:43	fsckd	ok :)
2013-03-03 14:55:58	gtmanfred	ok, so each sub project would be a new class... i guess we can work with this, for now
2013-03-03 14:56:17	numeral	fsckd: we should add a few things to the website for classroom management, a calendar for one, and a classroom suggestion + voting system
2013-03-03 14:56:38	gtmanfred	numeral: ... where the hell have you been... 
2013-03-03 14:56:39	gtmanfred	read up
2013-03-03 14:56:54	numeral	oh sorry, I thought you guys were only talking about redmine :/
2013-03-03 14:57:07	gtmanfred	numeral: we are specifically talking about the calendar
2013-03-03 14:57:34	gtmanfred	ok, anyway that calendar works for now, 
2013-03-03 14:57:45	gtmanfred	fsckd: can i get added to wheel for that? i assume i need to make a redmine account
2013-03-03 14:57:46	fsckd	numeral: those are good ideas, there was a calendar on the old site and intend on having one now
2013-03-03 14:57:52	fsckd	gtmanfred: yes
2013-03-03 14:58:26	fsckd	gtmanfred: actually... you should have lal perms necessary without being part of wheel
2013-03-03 14:58:34	gtmanfred	lal?
2013-03-03 14:58:36	fsckd	(and i plan on axing coordinators)
2013-03-03 14:58:50	fsckd	gtmanfred: with a regular account
2013-03-03 14:58:59	gtmanfred	ok
2013-03-03 14:58:59	fsckd	when you register :P
2013-03-03 14:59:21	fsckd	i have too many windows open, one moment, lcosing things
2013-03-03 14:59:41	 *	Anuska arch is the best
2013-03-03 15:00:03	fsckd	+1 :D
2013-03-03 15:00:57	Anuska	;)
2013-03-03 15:01:07	gtmanfred	ok, last thing i had, how do we want to accept classroom submissions ? https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Classroom/Submissions
2013-03-03 15:01:09	phrik	Title: Classroom/Submissions - Ubuntu Wiki (at wiki.ubuntu.com)
2013-03-03 15:01:51	fsckd	don't forget the pages on the arch wiki
2013-03-03 15:02:09	gtmanfred	that is part of it
2013-03-03 15:02:13	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: i think their process will work. 
2013-03-03 15:02:25	fsckd	https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Classroom
2013-03-03 15:02:26	phrik	Title: Classroom - ArchWiki (at wiki.archlinux.org)
2013-03-03 15:02:31	gtmanfred	fsckd: we are going to figure out the archwiki pages format/template on Tuesday as we go along
2013-03-03 15:02:39	fsckd	ok
2013-03-03 15:02:51	fsckd	tuesday is when the first class will be?
2013-03-03 15:03:03	KaiSforza	no
2013-03-03 15:03:14	KaiSforza	tuesday we actually plan the makepkg class.
2013-03-03 15:03:18	fsckd	ok
2013-03-03 15:03:23	fsckd	a second meeting
2013-03-03 15:03:32	KaiSforza	basically.
2013-03-03 15:03:43	fsckd	what time?
2013-03-03 15:03:56	fsckd	i won't be here on tues.
2013-03-03 15:03:57	gtmanfred	what i mean about submissions, should we just adopt theres? what should we require before a class is accepted? (i am thinking just an outline like what they have there, except you don't have to explain everything before it can be accepted, that should be added before you the first class though)
2013-03-03 15:04:18	fsckd	nvm, set the time later :)
2013-03-03 15:06:27	KaiSforza	gtmanfred: what do you mean? i think they should give us the information that the ubuntu people use, and then decide using that. Every classroom is going to have a different set of qualifications, so i think laying down something like that now is a bad idea.
2013-03-03 15:07:25	gtmanfred	i am just saying, you don't have to have every lession planned out 100% to apply to present a classroom, but you should have an idea of what they will all be
2013-03-03 15:08:24	KaiSforza	oh, yeah. at least a topic and a basic outline
2013-03-03 15:11:06	KaiSforza	Alright, so we've got a basic outline of things that need to be done: Class format has been decided, calendar needs to be set up for scheduling, and we've got a basic submission process.
2013-03-03 15:11:30	KaiSforza	s/need to be/need to be or have been/
2013-03-03 15:11:37	gtmanfred	where do you make submisions?
2013-03-03 15:11:49	gtmanfred	is it possible on redmine to request the creation of a subproject?
2013-03-03 15:12:14	fsckd	ask anyone in wheel :)
2013-03-03 15:12:46	-->	hh4a (~hh4a@BSN-182-69-100.dial-up.dsl.siol.net) has joined #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 15:12:50	hh4a	yo
2013-03-03 15:12:58	gtmanfred	fsckd: yeah but what is the submission process
2013-03-03 15:13:01	KaiSforza	i think email would be the best way. just have a specific format that people need to follow so we don't filter things.
2013-03-03 15:13:09	fsckd	oh
2013-03-03 15:13:16	gtmanfred	do we need to set up a mailing list?
2013-03-03 15:13:21	gtmanfred	can that be set in redmine?
2013-03-03 15:13:38	fsckd	hmm not that i know of
2013-03-03 15:13:51	fsckd	meskarune is working on a mailing list thing
2013-03-03 15:13:57	Anuska	question in cron to run every hours at every day... 
2013-03-03 15:14:08	Anuska	* * * * * /home/irina/upload
2013-03-03 15:14:10	Anuska	ups
2013-03-03 15:14:13	Anuska	* 1 * * * /home/irina/upload
2013-03-03 15:14:14	Anuska	this ?
2013-03-03 15:14:20	KaiSforza	Anuska: go to #archlinux for that.
2013-03-03 15:14:25	gtmanfred	Anuska: is every minute from 1 to 2 am
2013-03-03 15:15:01	Anuska	thanks
2013-03-03 15:15:05	fsckd	Anuska: middle of a meeting in this channel, sorry ><
2013-03-03 15:15:51	hh4a	ooh iam sorry, i will check redmine tomorrow, iam not in a "mood" today. regards
2013-03-03 15:16:17	<--	hh4a (~hh4a@BSN-182-69-100.dial-up.dsl.siol.net) has quit (Quit: going away and always astray)
2013-03-03 15:17:19	gtmanfred	ok, sooooooo where are submissions to be made?
2013-03-03 15:17:52	gtmanfred	is there a chance that there is someway in redmine to make it possible to request the creation of subprojects?
2013-03-03 15:19:06	gtmanfred	anyone?
2013-03-03 15:19:08	fsckd	you wnat new classes to be submitted as new subprojects?
2013-03-03 15:19:11	KaiSforza	they could open issues?
2013-03-03 15:19:28	fsckd	i'd go with issues if redmien is to be used
2013-03-03 15:19:38	fsckd	similarly for redmine
2013-03-03 15:19:52	KaiSforza	till a mailing list is up and running, i think that's the best way.
2013-03-03 15:20:18	gtmanfred	fsckd: yes, i want each class to be able to have it's own calendar and issue tracker, seperate from the main one
2013-03-03 15:20:24	gtmanfred	and then they are all merged back together on the top
2013-03-03 15:20:46	gtmanfred	i guess we could have submissions be issues, like how mirrors request to be added on the bug tracker
2013-03-03 15:21:30	KaiSforza	exactly
2013-03-03 15:21:37	gtmanfred	excellent
2013-03-03 15:21:48	gtmanfred	so we can write that up in a minute / when we meet on tuesday
2013-03-03 15:21:50	-->	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has joined #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 15:21:59	<--	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
2013-03-03 15:22:04	gtmanfred	(i guess you could also make requests for classes as issues too)
2013-03-03 15:22:27	gtmanfred	ok, i think that covers everything i wanted to talk about
2013-03-03 15:22:36	gtmanfred	does anyone have anything else?
2013-03-03 15:22:47	KaiSforza	i'm good.
2013-03-03 15:23:04	gtmanfred	fsckd: anything else?
2013-03-03 15:23:13	gtmanfred	if not i would like to do a quick over view then we can end
2013-03-03 15:23:29	fsckd	we planned to involve Chakra, how do you think they could fit in?
2013-03-03 15:23:48	KaiSforza	um...i've never used chakra, so i have no idea.
2013-03-03 15:24:05	KaiSforza	this is going to be an archlinux classroom though.
2013-03-03 15:24:10	gtmanfred	fsckd: what are we including them in?
2013-03-03 15:24:38	gtmanfred	i remember discussing it, and i am ok with it, but i forget what they wanted to do?
2013-03-03 15:24:45	fsckd	to coordinate classrooms, they use PKGBUILDs too
2013-03-03 15:24:52	gtmanfred	oh right
2013-03-03 15:24:54	gtmanfred	i remember now
2013-03-03 15:24:57	-->	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has joined #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 15:25:10	fsckd	abveritas is a Chakra dev
2013-03-03 15:25:16	gtmanfred	anyone can help with classrooms, but i am not going to tell someone that uses chakra that something else is better
2013-03-03 15:25:25	KaiSforza	i thought they used a modified pacman?
2013-03-03 15:25:28	<--	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
2013-03-03 15:25:29	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: no
2013-03-03 15:25:32	KaiSforza	are their pkgbuilds the same?
2013-03-03 15:25:34	gtmanfred	yes
2013-03-03 15:25:35	KaiSforza	oh. okay.
2013-03-03 15:25:45	gtmanfred	when are we meeting on tuesday (in utc?)
2013-03-03 15:25:54	KaiSforza	20:15
2013-03-03 15:25:57	KaiSforza	iirc
2013-03-03 15:26:02	 *	KaiSforza counts
2013-03-03 15:26:05	KaiSforza	yeah.
2013-03-03 15:26:09	abveritas	fsckd: gtmanfred it was the other way around :)
2013-03-03 15:26:16	gtmanfred	abveritas: ping, are you available to meet about the pkgbuilds class on tuesday at 20:15
2013-03-03 15:26:17	fsckd	oh
2013-03-03 15:26:23	gtmanfred	abveritas: what was? we wanted to include chakra?
2013-03-03 15:26:27	abveritas	archlinux-women asked if we wanted to help with classroom
2013-03-03 15:26:39	fsckd	yeah that was it
2013-03-03 15:26:45	-->	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has joined #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 15:27:02	gtmanfred	meh ok, so here is what i see, as long as i don't have to give definitive answers about something that may be chakra specific, i couldn't care less 
2013-03-03 15:27:06	abveritas	gtmanfred: 20:15 EST?  UTC?
2013-03-03 15:27:11	gtmanfred	abveritas: UTC
2013-03-03 15:27:12	KaiSforza	utc.
2013-03-03 15:27:22	abveritas	I'll try
2013-03-03 15:27:26	gtmanfred	abveritas: where are you located?
2013-03-03 15:27:37	abveritas	50 miles from you :)
2013-03-03 15:27:37	fsckd	i won't be here then
2013-03-03 15:27:40	gtmanfred	oh lol
2013-03-03 15:27:43	fsckd	haha
2013-03-03 15:27:44	KaiSforza	also, the vcs pkgbuild class is going to be using the pacman that will (probably) be in arch's [testing] repo by the end of the week.
2013-03-03 15:27:46	gtmanfred	abveritas: so lets just say EST
2013-03-03 15:27:51	KaiSforza	abveritas:                   ↑
2013-03-03 15:27:54	abveritas	White Plains, GA
2013-03-03 15:28:01	gtmanfred	abveritas: what time are you available on tuesday?
2013-03-03 15:28:17	abveritas	depends on the weather
2013-03-03 15:28:24	abveritas	but I'll try to be here then
2013-03-03 15:28:52	fsckd	2:15pm est?
2013-03-03 15:28:54	gtmanfred	we can push it later if that would be better?
2013-03-03 15:28:57	gtmanfred	fsckd: 3:15
2013-03-03 15:28:58	KaiSforza	alright. well i've gotta get some corned beef ready. I'll trust you guys to wrap this up.
2013-03-03 15:29:04	gtmanfred	KaiSforza: ok
2013-03-03 15:29:11	KaiSforza	fsckd: 2:15 CST.
2013-03-03 15:29:35	gtmanfred	anyway, abveritas chakra still uses vanilla up to date pacman?
2013-03-03 15:29:38	abveritas	gtmanfred: and there is nothing Chakra specific about packaging for this
2013-03-03 15:29:43	gtmanfred	excellent
2013-03-03 15:29:57	abveritas	all I can add is some KDE specific tools
2013-03-03 15:30:04	abveritas	but that is the same in SArch
2013-03-03 15:30:09	abveritas	*Arch
2013-03-03 15:30:35	abveritas	like we discussed here before, cli for patching, or kompare
2013-03-03 15:30:41	gtmanfred	oh right
2013-03-03 15:30:44	gtmanfred	so for classrooms + chakra, i am ok with chakra people that want to do presentations
2013-03-03 15:31:13	gtmanfred	and i am ok with answering what i would know about chakra in here, or somewhere else, as long as it is kept out of #archlinux
2013-03-03 15:31:21	abveritas	but I have no idea if there is anything anyone here would want to know from Chakra devs
2013-03-03 15:31:24	<--	mikeit (~mikeit@net-2-39-68-181.cust.dsl.vodafone.it) has quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)
2013-03-03 15:31:30	<--	akamus (~kvirc@188.4.29.55.dsl.dyn.forthnet.gr) has left #archlinux-classroom
2013-03-03 15:31:39	gtmanfred	classrooms isn't only supposed to be about the distro imo
2013-03-03 15:31:53	gtmanfred	it could be about using C ... or using python if you wanted to
2013-03-03 15:31:56	abveritas	so I'll just watch here when you do some classes
2013-03-03 15:32:00	gtmanfred	someone could do a class about ruby
2013-03-03 15:32:11	fsckd	or kde tools
2013-03-03 15:32:15	gtmanfred	or kde tools
2013-03-03 15:32:16	fsckd	or debugging
2013-03-03 15:32:16	gtmanfred	right
2013-03-03 15:32:19	gtmanfred	yar
2013-03-03 15:32:27	fsckd	inb4 cheekymanfred :P
2013-03-03 15:32:30	gtmanfred	pfft
2013-03-03 15:32:41	abveritas	buildsystems might be nice too
2013-03-03 15:33:00	fsckd	yeah
2013-03-03 15:33:15	gtmanfred	basically, if you want to do something, it just needs to be outlined and submitted as an issue to the ArchWomen Classroom redmine issue tracker
2013-03-03 15:33:18	gtmanfred	and then get approved
2013-03-03 15:33:18	abveritas	to let newcomers know how to build in chroots, and not mess up their installs
2013-03-03 15:33:41	gtmanfred	EZPZ pacman -Syu devtools, sudo extra-$(uname -m)-build :P
2013-03-03 15:33:52	gtmanfred	anyway
2013-03-03 15:34:03	gtmanfred	soooo i think that is everything? 
2013-03-03 15:34:07	abveritas	so far, all I've done is tutor one on one for any packager interested in helping Chakr
2013-03-03 15:34:14	abveritas	*Chakra
2013-03-03 15:34:27	fsckd	abveritas: that's awesome
2013-03-03 15:34:52	gtmanfred	anyone have anything else?
2013-03-03 15:35:29	gtmanfred	i take that as a no, 
2013-03-03 15:35:31	gtmanfred	to summarize
2013-03-03 15:36:13	gtmanfred	1) descriptions of what happens in a class session is right after 14:31:09 gtmanfred | ok, let me explain what I was envisioning
2013-03-03 15:37:11	gtmanfred	2) templates will be made/discussed as we go along (PKGBUILDs classroom meeting here on March 5th at 2015 UTC)
2013-03-03 15:38:01	gtmanfred	3) classroom submissions should go to the issue tracker at http://redmine.archwomen.org/projects/classroom to have a subproject made, and a template needs to be made following similar to https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Classroom/Submissions
2013-03-03 15:38:03	phrik	Title: Overview - Arch Classroom - Arch Linux Women: Project Manager (at redmine.archwomen.org)
2013-03-03 15:38:32	gtmanfred	4) Anyone is welcome to present about anything, it doesn't have to be vanilla Arch Linux specific.
2013-03-03 15:38:54	gtmanfred	did i miss anything?
2013-03-03 15:40:14	gtmanfred	fsckd: abveritas KaiSforza ^^ ?
2013-03-03 15:40:30	fsckd	sorry, i think you got it all
2013-03-03 15:40:32	KaiSforza	looks good
2013-03-03 15:40:38	abveritas	+1
2013-03-03 15:40:49	gtmanfred	========= meeting ended =================
2013-03-03 15:41:06	KaiSforza	should add a bit to 4: but no manjaro
2013-03-03 15:41:38	gtmanfred	=========== reopened ===============
2013-03-03 15:43:27	gtmanfred	4) if it is an addon to something besides Arch Linux ( such as the graphical installer in Manjaro) they will only be accepted on a submission to submission basis.  Just because the submission meets all the requirements, if the subject is deemed un necessary or harmful to Arch Linux as a named archlinux project, it will not be accepted.
2013-03-03 15:43:37	gtmanfred	======= meeting ended v2 ===========
